Updates to origin trials articles (#2569)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/third-party-origin-trials/index.md

     <figcaption class="w-figcaption">Registration page for the Conversion Measurement trial.</figcaption>
   </figure>

## Provide a trial token programmatically {: #provide-token}

To take part in an origin trial, a page must provide a valid trial token. If you want a trial
feature to be enabled on multiple sites where your code is embedded, use JavaScript to inject a
token:

```javascript
const otMeta = document.createElement('meta');
otMeta.httpEquiv = 'origin-trial';
otMeta.content = 'TOKEN_GOES_HERE';
document.head.append(otMeta);
```

Otherwise, you would need to get every site that embeds your code to provide a token with an HTTP
header or in their HTML.

{% Aside %}
The demo at [ot-3p.glitch.me](https://ot-3p.glitch.me) accesses an origin trial feature enabled by
using a token provided by JavaScript from a different origin.
{% endAside %}

## Provide feedback

If you're registering for a third-party origin trial and have feedback to share on the process or

> ideas on how we can improve it, [create an issue](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/OriginTrials/issues/new)
> on the Origin Trials GitHub code repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ideas on how we can improve it, [create an Issue](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/OriginTrials/issues/new)
on the Origin Trials GitHub repository.
```

## Find out more

-  [Demo](https://ot-3p.glitch.me)
-  [Getting started with Chrome's origin trials](/blog/origin-trials/)
-  [Origin Trials Guide for Web Developers](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/OriginTrials/blob/gh-pages/developer-guide.md)
-  [Chrome Platform Status](https://www.chromestatus.com/features/5691464711405568)

> Photo by [Louis Reed](https://unsplash.com/@_louisreed) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/JeInkKlI2Po).

Reviewer: This matches your change in the other blog post.

> Photo by [Louis Reed](https://unsplash.com/@_louisreed) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/JeInkKlI2Po).

Author: This change was just because the picture no longer seems to be displayed on unsplash.com, not sure why.
